Beaches are always ideal choicBeaches are always ideal choice for a vacation of anybody, and there is nothing better than a relaxing day at a beautiful beach. There are countless beaches that attract tourists all over the world. Most of them are used to build resorts, theme parks with many different water sports, and restaurants. However, the most attractive things about a beach are the sightseeing and the atmosphere. It is relaxing and comfortable to stay at a big hotel near the ocean, but it is even more interesting to explore a pristine beach which is not full with people. The crystal clear water that reflects the sky and sunlight, the endless sand bank which gives a smooth feeling to our feet, and the green range of coconut trees which provides a very poetic and romantic atmosphere. All of them create a real life heaven for the tourists, and people can never stop admire the beauty of the vast ocean. It is no wonder why a vacation by the beach is always one of the top choices, because there is nowhere that is more ideal than it. We can lie down on the yellow sand to take a sunbath and have a short nap before heading to the cool and fresh water. That is when we can actually enjoy nature and relax ourselves. Once we can truly behold the beauty of the ocean, we will find chance to come back to it again. Besides, the seafood will never disappoint any food lover. The fresh fish, shrimps, crabs, and mussels are the wonderful gifts from the ocean, and we should never miss a chance to taste them. Beaches are always the best places to be, and a vacation by the beach can help us regain energy and give us an unforgettable experience.e for a vacation of anybody, and there is nothing better than a relaxing day at a beautiful beach. There are countless beaches that attract tourists all over the world. Most of them are used to build resorts, theme parks with many different water sports, and restaurants. However, the most attractive things about a beach are the sightseeing and the atmosphere. It is relaxing and comfortable to stay at a big hotel near the ocean, but it is even more interesting to explore a pristine beach which is not full with people. The crystal clear water that reflects the sky and sunlight, the endless sand bank which gives a smooth feeling to our feet, and the green range of coconut trees which provides a very poetic and romantic atmosphere. All of them create a real life heaven for the tourists, and people can never stop admire the beauty of the vast ocean. It is no wonder why a vacation by the beach is always one of the top choices, because there is nowhere that is more ideal than it. We can lie down on the yellow sand to take a sunbath and have a short nap before heading to the cool and fresh water. That is when we can actually enjoy nature and relax ourselves. Once we can truly behold the beauty of the ocean, we will find chance to come back to it again. Besides, the seafood will never disappoint any food lover. The fresh fish, shrimps, crabs, and mussels are the wonderful gifts from the ocean, and we should never miss a chance to taste them. Beaches are always the best places to be, and a vacation by the beach can help us regain energy and give us an unforgettable experience.